After the founding of the Qing and Zhou Dynasties
They named him Chen Guojian
You said that if the concubine knew that I wanted Chen Guojian
I'm afraid they're all going to take advantage of this
All right.
It's okay, I'll wait for you.
Well, Zheng Guojian also has this kind of history
Something's wrong.
10 out of 12 is not right
Sister, what's wrong?
The minister who had been with him for so long suddenly became a big demon
Could it be that the house industry country no longer advances towards the Immortal Dynasty and sells fire?
Is the key to the destruction of the country
But why would an immortal do this?
Aren't immortals all good people?
Stupid, there are good and bad people everywhere, okay?
It's really time to change your racial attitudes
You see Xuanzhou is so big
There are so many countries
Maybe the Immortal Dynasty
A department of the group company Tiangong
Every fairy has a country under his jurisdiction
Home country does not contribute incense
Then the KPI of this fairy is not up to standard.
Will it affect his promotion?
So he was furious
Maybe he changed a demon minister for the house industry country?
Isn't that what Journey to the West is written?
In fact, many demons are the pets of the gods
I see.
What do KPIs mean?
It's performance.
If the performance is not good, it will be opened.
So he's even more suspicious
What does performance mean?
Okay, let's kill him
It's only been a few days.
How could there be movement
Humph our child
Must be gifted
Hey, third brother, don't get up, hug for a while
Come to me when you've had enough
Say it quickly
Third brother, this inherits martial arts?
On the way to Yuchengguan
The troops sent to join him?
Slowly meeting up with him
It seems that this time
It's really the other way around.
Is there really no way to reduce the number of deaths?
Sometimes people kill to be more human.
Can't reach Beijing
If you inherit the martial arts, you will be killed by my people
The generals who followed him
Will also be mine
Case dealt with
Well, don't worry.
Inherit rebellion
Princess Ruoji is still safe and sound
I'm afraid so.
The Ji family will bump into it again
It's all my fault
Said to gather popularity here in Beijing to resist the demons
Let this season's family have an opportunity
But that's what we've been doing for hundreds of years.
Why doesn't it work now?
This demon invasion
It is by no means avoidable on the scale of previous years
Only relatives fight with all their might
Have a chance
This news comes from maintenance
Can't be wrong
It certainly is.
I have also used sacrifices to prove to my predecessors
But in what way?
To completely get rid of this season's concubine
I have an idea.